In this text, we will review 5 important centers for buying saffron in Dubai and around the world.
As you know, saffron is considered a highly valuable and expensive product globally.
And anything valuable tends to have worthless and fake copies made of it. 
Therefore, when buying saffron, it is important to ensure that it is of original and high quality. 
There should also be a money-back guarantee in case of dissatisfaction.


1. Amazon, you can buy original saffron with the option for a refund if you are not satisfied.
Amazon offers worldwide shipping for saffron.

2.Opensooq.com On the Opensooq website, many sellers list their products,
but purchasing from this site is only available to Arabic-speaking users.
When ordering saffron from such websites,
make sure to find a reputable seller who offers a money-back guarantee in case of dissatisfaction,
as there is a risk of fraud. 

3.Saffronfarm.shop This website is dedicated to selling original saffron directly from farmers in Iran and Afghanistan.
The main advantage of this site is the low price of saffron due to the elimination of middlemen.
The price of one kilogram of saffron on this website is about $1,000, which is very affordable and cost-effective.
There is also a money-back guarantee in case of dissatisfaction, 
and the website offers free worldwide shipping from their Dubai warehouse. 

4.Google Map No matter where you are in the world,
you can use Google Maps to access many saffron sellers—just search on Google Maps.

5.Other Ways You can also buy saffron from local and physical stores.
For example, in Dubai, you can visit food markets and shopping centers to order various types of saffron.


Therefore, when buying original saffron, what takes priority is the money-back guarantee in case of dissatisfaction.
Amazon and Saffronfarm.shop are leading in this regard, offering refunds if there is any dissatisfaction.
In terms of worldwide shipping, Amazon and Saffronfarm are also better options. 
As for the price, Saffronfarm is more affordable. 
The price of one kilogram of saffron on Amazon is $4,000, while on Saffronfarm it is only $1,000.
(It should be noted that the value of the Iranian national currency is very low compared to the dollar, and $1,000 in Iran is equivalent to the monthly wages of 10 workers.)
Both Amazon and Saffronfarm offer free worldwide shipping.
